Introduce issue templates (#1400)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/3_feature_request.md

---
name: Request a feature
about: Use this template to request new functionality or change the behavior of the library
title: ''

> labels: ''

Author: ```suggestion
labels: 'new feature'
```

assignees: ''
---

# Summary

> Include a short summary of the request. Sections below provide guidance on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include a short summary of the request. 

See the sections below
```

> what factors are considered important for a feature request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for factors important for a feature request.
```

> # Problem statement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Problem Statement
```

> Describe the problem you are trying to solve with reasonable level of details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the problem you want to solve with a reasonable level of detail.
```

> # Preferred solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Preferred Solution
```

> Document your thoughts on what solution may look like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide your ideas regarding problem solutions.
```
